COMDOX-1722: Ai docs section (#933)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/ai/index.mdx

---
title: AI tools overview
description: Choose how to connect AI editors and coding agents to current Adobe Commerce storefront documentation, drop-in APIs, and project conventions.
sidebar:
  label: Overview
  order: 1
---

import TableWrapper from '@components/TableWrapper.astro';

> AI editors and coding agents can help with storefront work, but they need current context. Use the table to decide which option to add first, and then add more support when your task needs it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI editors and coding agents can help with storefront work, but they require up-to-date context. Use the table to determine which option to set up first, then add additional support as your task requires.
```

<TableWrapper nowrap={[0]}>

| Start here | What it gives you | Use it when |
|------------|-------------------|-------------|

> | [Use docs in AI tools](/ai/build-with-ai/) | Current storefront documentation context. | You want any AI editor or coding agent to answer from these docs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Use docs in AI tools](/ai/build-with-ai/) | Current storefront documentation context. | You want any AI editor or coding agent to generate answers based on the storefront documentation you are viewing. |
```
